store
viers Antonio Gutierrez un Secretary
General is speaking live from
Aman and the nature that is absolutely
fundamental to preserve the life of the
people in
Gaza so we have been insisting on the
need of this is fire in the beginning
our voice was relatively
alone but now we are seeing more and
more the ational Community recognizing
the
same recently the European Union for the
first time was claimed the need of a
pause leading to a sustainable Seas
fire and uh we have today in the
security Council a resolution in which
as his fire is uh
required together but not in a linkage
with the release the unconditional
release of all hostages and we have also
always claimed for the need for that
release so I see a growing consensus
emerging International Community to tell
the Israelis that the ceasefire is
needed and I also see a growing
consensus I heard it in the US I heard
heard it from the European Union not to
mention of course the Muslim World a
growing consensus to tell clearly to the
Israelis that any ground invasion of
Rafa could mean a catastrophic
humanitarian disaster and I strongly
hope that this consensus that is
emerging in the whole of the
International Community will make Israel
reflect and avoid what could be a
dramatic
tredy sorry
crisis the crisis over the crisis
receding of
Honor H crisis is it
re there is a very strong effort that we
are making in order to address the
natural problems and difficulties that
unra had unra has been systematically
underfunded so we need to strengthen it
in different aspects and I think we are
moving in the right direction with the
the investigation with the inspection
with the measures that are already being
taken by the commissioner General but on
top of that I see more and more
countries
recognizing the essential role of unra
and even several of the countries that
have suspended the funding have
already restarted that funding and
others are telling us that they hope
that the result of the uh investigation
and the result of the review will lead
to the reestablishment of the funding to
un it is with hope and with deep
conviction that I see the future of the
organization thank you so much do you
have any time for more questions or the
last last question that was not foreseen
please go
ahead we have another press conference
with the
ministry
[Music]
ins
well I didn't understand but it is the
biggest question I've ever heard in a in
a press
conference well in in light of the
United Nations principles that were
established to guide the United Nations
in its work we have seen the the
abolishment of these United Nations
values due to the war so it is related
to the the question is related if like
Israel has you know cemented that there
is only double standards in the
International Community there is
dehumanization there is also the the
what is being practiced on the ground is
not a war but also a genocide so all of
these are leading to double standards in
the International Community Arena and
the question is related how many
children and wom and women should be
killed in order for the United Nations
to
intervene there might be double
standards in many places around the
world there is a place where there are
no double standards in the Secretariat
of the UN under the authority of the
Secretary General
for
us what matters are the principles and
the principles are un
Charter the principles are international
law territorial
Integrity of countries but also
International humanitarian
law the right of self-determination of
peoples including the people of
Palestine and in relation to those
principles we have
maintain our clear positions in all
circumstances we were very loud and
clear when he denounced the Russian
invasion of the Ukraine and we are very
loud and clear when we denounce the
violations of international humanitarian
law that are taking place in Gaza as we
denounce the attack of Hamas in the 7th
of October our principles are the same
and we have no double standards
unfortunately in the world not everybody
can say the
same so much thank you so much we you
can ask in the foreign Ministry thank
you you've just been listening to the UN
Secretary General Antonio Guera is
speaking live from Aman he's currently
touring the region uh he was in Egypt
yesterday we also saw him inspect the
Rafa border crossing this is of course
one of the main border crossing through
which Aid goes into Gaza the context of
this as will be known to many of our
viewers is that uh very little Aid has
been going into the Gaza Strip over the
last five months really since the war
has begun uh such that uh the IPC the
body tasked with looking at Food
insecurity warned just last month that
famine was imminent in Northern Gaza and
that the entire population of Gaza was
at risk of famine so that is the context
uh Antonio guer saying yesterday the
International Community needs to be on
the right side of history and it is time
to flood Gaza with International Aid